Leveraging a diverse and inclusive workforce to achieve superior business results.
goal is to attract, develop and retain the best and brightest from all walks of life and backgrounds.
an organization to have a culture of inclusion where all individuals feel respected, are treated fairly, provided work-life balance, and an opportunity to excel in their chosen careers.
To build and leverage a diverse and inclusive workforce and workplace by building leadership capability and organizational capacity.
Diversity & Inclusion Program is part of our People Strategy and reflects our vision of building an organization that attracts and leverages diversity in our staff, and strives for respect and inclusion throughout our workplace and in the communities we serve
We’re taking steps for our people in the communities where we live and work to help create more opportunities and build a more inclusive and diverse future.
We are committed to accelerating equality for all and to creating a work environment where every one of our people feels like they belong.
The company has set a global goal to achieve a gender-balanced workforce. 
With 50 percent women and 50 percent men, by 2025 and also plans to grow its percentage of women in managing-director roles to 25 percent worldwide by 2020. 
vision is to be the place where all talent has access to the opportunities to succeed, and our diversity and inclusiveness are the standard of excellence.
We believe the future workforce is an equal one.
we expect leaders at all levels to help create and sustain a culture of equality where everyone can advance and thrive.
D&I vision is to create and foster an inclusive culture where our people and their leaders can leverage unique perspectives, experiences and skills to innovate and build a Better Working World
Vision 2020 Gender Targets - zero gender pay gap for peer to peer roles, 50% of graduates to be female and at least 30% women in the partnership.
we strive to create an environment that brings the power of diversity to life.
where people with different backgrounds and experiences thrive in both their professional and personal lives.
ensure that employees of all backgrounds are treated equally and contribute fully to our vision and goals.
We have five global pillars of focus: Disability, Gender, LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender), Multicultural, neurodisability and Multigenerational.
We welcome that every person brings a unique perspective and experience to advance our mission and progress our fight for the health, education, and financial stability of every person in every community.
inclusion and diversity are critical to achieving our dual mission—to help our clients make substantial, lasting performance improvements and to build a firm that attracts, develops, excites, and retains exceptional people.
We strive to create a work environment that provides all our associates equal access to information, development and opportunity. 
By building an inclusive workplace environment, we seek to leverage our global team of associates, which is rich in diverse people, talent and ideas. We see diversity as more than just policies and practices.
As a global business, our ability to understand, embrace and operate in a multicultural world — both in the marketplace and in the workplace is critical to our long-term sustainability and, specifically, impacts our ability to meet our 2020 Vision People goals.
committed to recruiting, developing, and promoting a diverse workforce while providing unique opportunities and career paths for our people.
We recognize that differences in age, race, gender, nationality, sexual orientation, physical ability, thinking style and background bring richness to our work environments. Such differences help us connect better with the health needs of people in communities around the world. 
We believe that attracting, developing and retaining a base of employees that reflects the diversity of our customers is essential to our success. We also believe success hinges on relationships with diverse professional and patient organizations, civic groups and suppliers.
Diversity & Inclusion mission is to live up to our company’s purpose We seek to build a diverse and inclusive team that fosters an environment where each teammate feels empowered to bring their unique differences to work and achieve their full innovative potential In this environment, we will make the business stronger, enabling us to truly win in business while being human first.
With diversity and inclusion at the forefront of Gainsight’s core values, we strive to promote a culture that celebrates diversity and inclusiveness at Gainsight regardless of, but not limited to race, gender, sexual orientation, family status, religion, ethnicity, national origin, physical disability, veteran status, or age.
To lead among peers as a learning and workplace environment that is representative of our nation and global society, accepts and values everyone, appreciates our common humanity, and understands that our multiple differences are the cornerstone of academic preparation, professional excellence, and distinction.
To move forward with urgency and purpose the creation and maintenance of a more equitable and inclusive by facilitating the integration of greater representation, fairness, belonging and care into our institutional policies, protocols, practices, and learning spaces.​